Add Public Cloud Load Balancer examples (#36)
ovh/public-cloud-examples: containers-orchestration/managed-kubernetes/use-public-cloud-load-balancer/readme.md

## Use OVHcloud Public Load Balancer

### Examples
```

> ├── basic_lb   

Reviewer: add a link to folders should be useful :)

### Demo

Here's a simple example of how to use the Public Cloud Load Balancer

1. Create a Namespace and a Deployment resource using the following command:
```shell
kunectl create namespace test-lb-ns
kubectl create deployment test-lb --image=nginx -n=test-lb-ns
```
2. Copy/Paste the following code on a file named `test-lb-service.yaml`
```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  labels:
    app: test-lb
  name: test-lb-service
  namespace: test-lb-ns
  annotations:
    loadbalancer.ovhcloud.com/class: "octavia"
    loadbalancer.ovhcloud.com/flavor: "small"
spec:
  ports:
  - name: 80-80
    port: 80
    protocol: TCP
    targetPort: 80
  selector:
    app: test-lb
  type: LoadBalancer
```
3. Create a 'Service' using the following command:
```shell
kubectl apply -f test-lb-service.yaml
```
4. Retrieve Service IP address using the following command line:
```shell
$ kubectl get service test-lb-service -n=test-lb-ns
NAME                 TYPE           CLUSTER-IP    EXTERNAL-IP      PORT(S)        AGE

> test-lb-service      LoadBalancer   10.3.107.18   141.94.215.240   80:30172/TCP   12m

Reviewer: ```suggestion
test-lb-service      LoadBalancer   10.3.107.18   xx.xx.xx.xx   80:30172/TCP   12m
```

```

> 5. Open a web browser and access: http://141.94.215.240

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Open a web browser and access: http://xx.xx.xx.xx
```
